net.minecraft.world.level.saveddata.maps.WorldMap
net.minecraft.server." + ver + ".WorldMap
net.minecraft.core.EnumDirection
net.minecraft.server." + ver + ".EnumDirection
net.minecraft.world.entity.decoration.EntityItemFrame
net.minecraft.server." + ver + ".EntityItemFrame
net.minecraft.server.level.WorldServer
net.minecraft.server." + ver + ".WorldServer
net.minecraft.world.level.World
net.minecraft.server." + ver + ".World
net.minecraft.core.BlockPosition
net.minecraft.server." + ver + ".BlockPosition
net.minecraft.server.MinecraftServer
net.minecraft.server." + ver + ".MinecraftServer
net.minecraft.server.ScoreboardServer
net.minecraft.server." + ver + ".ScoreboardServer
net.minecraft.world.score.ScoreboardTeam
net.minecraft.server." + ver + ".ScoreboardTeam
net.minecraft.world.score.Scoreboard
net.minecraft.server." + ver + ".Scoreboard
org.bukkit.craftbukkit." + ver + ".CraftWorld
org.bukkit.craftbukkit." + ver + ".scoreboard.CraftTeam
org.bukkit.craftbukkit." + ver + ".scoreboard.CraftScoreboard
org.bukkit.craftbukkit." + ver + ".scoreboard.CraftScoreboardManager
net.minecraft.network.protocol.Packet
net.minecraft.server." + ver + ".Packet
net.minecraft.network.chat.IChatBaseComponent
net.minecraft.server." + ver + ".IChatBaseComponent
net.minecraft.network.chat.IChatBaseComponent$ChatSerializer
net.minecraft.server." + ver + ".IChatBaseComponent$ChatSerializer
net.minecraft.network.chat.ChatMessageType
net.minecraft.server." + ver + ".ChatMessageType
net.minecraft.server.network.FilteredText
net.minecraft.network.chat.MessageSignature
net.minecraft.network.chat.PlayerChatMessage
net.minecraft.network.NetworkManager
net.minecraft.server." + ver + ".NetworkManager
net.minecraft.network.NetworkManager$QueuedPacket
net.minecraft.server." + ver + ".NetworkManager$QueuedPacket
net.minecraft.server.network.ServerConnection
net.minecraft.server." + ver + ".ServerConnection
net.minecraft.server.network.PlayerConnection
net.minecraft.server." + ver + ".PlayerConnection
net.minecraft.network.syncher.DataWatcher
net.minecraft.server." + ver + ".DataWatcher
net.minecraft.world.entity.EntityTypes
net.minecraft.server." + ver + ".EntityTypes
net.minecraft.server.players.PlayerList
net.minecraft.server." + ver + ".PlayerList
net.minecraft.resources.ResourceKey
net.minecraft.network.PacketDataSerializer
net.minecraft.server." + ver + ".PacketDataSerializer
net.minecraft.world.item.Item
net.minecraft.server." + ver + ".Item
net.minecraft.world.item.ItemStack
net.minecraft.server." + ver + ".ItemStack
net.minecraft.world.entity.ai.attributes.GenericAttributes
net.minecraft.server." + ver + ".GenericAttributes
net.minecraft.world.entity.ai.attributes.AttributeBase
net.minecraft.server." + ver + ".AttributeBase
net.minecraft.network.chat.ChatComponentText
net.minecraft.server." + ver + ".ChatComponentText
net.minecraft.network.protocol.game.PacketPlayOutMap
net.minecraft.server." + ver + ".PacketPlayOutMap
net.minecraft.network.protocol.game.PacketPlayOutEntityDestroy
net.minecraft.server." + ver + ".PacketPlayOutEntityDestroy
net.minecraft.network.protocol.game.PacketPlayOutEntityTeleport
net.minecraft.server." + ver + ".PacketPlayOutEntityTeleport
net.minecraft.network.protocol.game.PacketPlayOutEntityMetadata
net.minecraft.server." + ver + ".PacketPlayOutEntityMetadata
net.minecraft.network.protocol.game.PacketPlayOutSpawnEntity
net.minecraft.server." + ver + ".PacketPlayOutSpawnEntity
net.minecraft.network.protocol.game.PacketPlayOutOpenWindow
net.minecraft.server." + ver + ".PacketPlayOutOpenWindow
net.minecraft.network.protocol.game.PacketPlayOutSetSlot
net.minecraft.server." + ver + ".PacketPlayOutSetSlot
net.minecraft.network.protocol.game.PacketPlayOutPlayerInfo
net.minecraft.server." + ver + ".PacketPlayOutPlayerInfo
net.minecraft.network.protocol.game.PacketPlayOutPlayerInfo$EnumPlayerInfoAction
net.minecraft.server." + ver + ".PacketPlayOutPlayerInfo$EnumPlayerInfoAction
net.minecraft.network.protocol.game.PacketPlayOutPlayerInfo$PlayerInfoData
net.minecraft.server." + ver + ".PacketPlayOutPlayerInfo$PlayerInfoData
net.minecraft.network.protocol.game.PacketPlayOutChat
net.minecraft.server." + ver + ".PacketPlayOutChat
net.minecraft.network.protocol.game.PacketPlayOutWindowData
net.minecraft.server." + ver + ".PacketPlayOutWindowData
net.minecraft.server." + ver + ".PacketPlayOutTitle
net.minecraft.network.protocol.login.PacketLoginOutSuccess
net.minecraft.server." + ver + ".PacketLoginOutSuccess
net.minecraft.network.protocol.game.PacketPlayOutKeepAlive
net.minecraft.server." + ver + ".PacketPlayOutKeepAlive
net.minecraft.network.protocol.game.PacketPlayOutScoreboardTeam
net.minecraft.server." + ver + ".PacketPlayOutScoreboardTeam
net.minecraft.server." + ver + ".PacketPlayOutTitle$EnumTitleAction
net.minecraft.network.protocol.game.ClientboundSetTitlesAnimationPacket
net.minecraft.network.protocol.game.ClientboundSetTitleTextPacket
net.minecraft.network.protocol.game.ClientboundSetSubtitleTextPacket
net.minecraft.network.protocol.game.ClientboundSystemChatPacket
net.minecraft.network.protocol.game.PacketPlayInBEdit
net.minecraft.server." + ver + ".PacketPlayInBEdit
net.minecraft.network.protocol.game.PacketPlayInSetCreativeSlot
net.minecraft.server." + ver + ".PacketPlayInSetCreativeSlot
net.minecraft.network.protocol.game.PacketPlayInItemName
net.minecraft.server." + ver + ".PacketPlayInItemName
net.minecraft.network.protocol.handshake.PacketHandshakingInSetProtocol
net.minecraft.server." + ver + ".PacketHandshakingInSetProtocol
net.minecraft.network.protocol.login.PacketLoginInStart
net.minecraft.server." + ver + ".PacketLoginInStart
net.minecraft.network.protocol.game.PacketPlayInKeepAlive
net.minecraft.server." + ver + ".PacketPlayInKeepAlive
net.minecraft.network.protocol.game.PacketPlayInChat
net.minecraft.server." + ver + ".PacketPlayInChat
net.minecraft.world.level.block.entity.TileEntityFurnace
net.minecraft.server." + ver + ".TileEntityFurnace
net.minecraft.nbt.NBTReadLimiter
net.minecraft.server." + ver + ".NBTReadLimiter
net.minecraft.nbt.NBTTagList
net.minecraft.server." + ver + ".NBTTagList
net.minecraft.nbt.NBTList
net.minecraft.server." + ver + ".NBTList
net.minecraft.nbt.NBTNumber
net.minecraft.server." + ver + ".NBTNumber
net.minecraft.nbt.NBTTagCompound
net.minecraft.server." + ver + ".NBTTagCompound
net.minecraft.nbt.NBTTagString
net.minecraft.server." + ver + ".NBTTagString
net.minecraft.nbt.NBTTagInt
net.minecraft.server." + ver + ".NBTTagInt
net.minecraft.nbt.NBTTagIntArray
net.minecraft.server." + ver + ".NBTTagIntArray
net.minecraft.nbt.NBTTagByteArray
net.minecraft.server." + ver + ".NBTTagByteArray
net.minecraft.nbt.NBTTagLongArray
net.minecraft.server." + ver + ".NBTTagLongArray
net.minecraft.nbt.NBTTagFloat
net.minecraft.server." + ver + ".NBTTagFloat
net.minecraft.nbt.NBTTagByte
net.minecraft.server." + ver + ".NBTTagByte
net.minecraft.nbt.NBTTagShort
net.minecraft.server." + ver + ".NBTTagShort
net.minecraft.nbt.NBTTagLong
net.minecraft.server." + ver + ".NBTTagLong
net.minecraft.nbt.NBTTagDouble
net.minecraft.server." + ver + ".NBTTagDouble
net.minecraft.nbt.NBTBase
net.minecraft.server." + ver + ".NBTBase
net.minecraft.world.entity.Entity
net.minecraft.server." + ver + ".Entity
net.minecraft.world.entity.player.EntityHuman
net.minecraft.server." + ver + ".EntityHuman
net.minecraft.server.level.EntityPlayer
net.minecraft.server." + ver + ".EntityPlayer
net.minecraft.world.inventory.Container
net.minecraft.server." + ver + ".Container
org.bukkit.craftbukkit." + ver + ".inventory.CraftItemStack
org.bukkit.craftbukkit." + ver + ".CraftServer
org.bukkit.craftbukkit." + ver + ".map.CraftMapView
org.bukkit.craftbukkit." + ver + ".inventory.CraftMetaItem
org.bukkit.craftbukkit." + ver + ".entity.CraftPlayer
org.bukkit.craftbukkit." + ver + ".entity.CraftItem
net.minecraft.world.level.EnumGamemode
net.minecraft.server." + ver + ".EnumGamemode
net.minecraft.world.entity.player.ProfilePublicKey